Hello tell you about options
jumpers i have possible consequences in
for the last two days while riding in
ake began to feel light but unpleasant
the smell of highly heated electrical insulation
plastic after it was
finally mark the option that
literally each traveling ahead
machine the same problems with
wiring , it was decided to diagnose
source of smell own car
as soon as I looked under the torpedo to the left of
the steering column immediately saw a small
bright light
scarlet glow on the fuse box
glowed red hot
solid wire
tie bars lintels which were tightened
two adjacent contact pins 9 sockets and
10 wire turned within 1 millimeter
if not less
it seems 09 no wonder big
currents flowing only through this live
began to warm her poor you are red
due to the heating of the plastic contacts nearby
with them began to melt when turned off
low beam headlights on calgary jumpers
immediately subsided when you turn on the front
the wiper core lived again
red-hot not to mention trying
turn on the rear window heater
a little background at first everything was
ok but with time either tension
this twisted wire weakened then
either there was some sort of raid on us
mating surfaces retracted
conclusions but the fact that the contact on the findings
got worse it's a fact of going over my
drive cautiously pads taxes ical
practiced three or four years ago one
automaster last spring I put myself
my vologda pad
good friend but used in advance
cooked jumpers with terminals on
ends like this by the way this
jumper two twisted in the middle
short thick wires with terminals on
the ends helped after the 10 minute kolda
continue under torpedoes then
the movement the next day I soldered
twist
put on a regular rubber insulation on
terminals and decided to leave this jumper
how the workers after this case sealed
slightly also
and the conclusions of other contacts so strapped
same
single core wire due to the fact that
Volkovsky pad fuse has
3 nests more than regular shackles
and it gave the opportunity to get out of this
situations pretty quickly
wires 9 and 10 sockets
transferred to unused spare sockets
in one of the nest there
due to the heating of the plastic near
contact with the tenth a little bit as they say
swam
so the carry forward went to 12 and 13
jacks based on the length of the wires 9 socket
moved to 13 last a 10
respectively at 12 what's use in
as a gadget single wire
for screed contacts I consider extremely
unwanted luck everyone